Updates for CCPP version 7 release (#73)
NCAR/ccpp-doc: CCPPtechnical/source/AddingNewSchemes.rst

If information from the previous timestep is needed, it is important to identify if the host model provides this information, or if it needs to be stored as a special variable. For example, in the Model for Prediction Across Scales (MPAS), variables containing the values of several quantities in the preceding timesteps are available. When that is not the case, as in the :term:`UFS Atmosphere`, interstitial schemes are needed to access these quantities.

>      .. note:: As an example, the reader is referred to the `Grell-Freidas convective scheme <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_c_u__g_f.html>`_, which makes use of interstitials to obtain the previous timestep information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     .. note:: As an example, the reader is referred to the `Grell-Freitas convective scheme <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/v7.0.0p/sci_doc/_c_u__g_f.html>`_, which makes use of interstitials to obtain the previous timestep information.
```

* Make sure to use an uppercase suffix ``.F90`` to enable C preprocessing.
* A scheme called GFS_debug (GFS_debug.F90) may be added to the SDF where needed to print state variables and interstitial variables. If needed, edit the scheme beforehand to add new variables that need to be printed.
* Check the ``ccpp_prebuild.py`` script for success/failure and associated messages; run the prebuild script with the --debug and --verbose flags. See :numref:`Chapter %s <ConstructingSuite>` for more details

> * Compile code in DEBUG mode (see section 4.3 of the `SCM User's Guide <https://ccpp-scm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/chap_quick.html#compiling-scm-with-ccpp>`_, run through debugger if necessary (gdb, Allinea DDT, totalview, …).

Reviewer 2: Note that this will require a change before the release, to refer to v7

* Make sure to use an uppercase suffix ``.F90`` to enable C preprocessing.
* A scheme called GFS_debug (GFS_debug.F90) may be added to the SDF where needed to print state variables and interstitial variables. If needed, edit the scheme beforehand to add new variables that need to be printed.
* Check the ``ccpp_prebuild.py`` script for success/failure and associated messages; run the prebuild script with the --debug and --verbose flags. See :numref:`Chapter %s <ConstructingSuite>` for more details

> * Compile code in DEBUG mode (see section 4.3 of the `SCM User's Guide <https://ccpp-scm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/chap_quick.html#compiling-scm-with-ccpp>`_, run through debugger if necessary (gdb, Allinea DDT, totalview, …).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Compile code in DEBUG mode (see section 4.3 of the `SCM User's Guide <https://ccpp-scm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/chap_quick.html#compiling-scm-with-ccpp>`_, run through debugger if necessary (gdb, Linaro/Arm DDT, totalview, …).
```
